<!-- w3schools' Array functions -->
---- Here I read about the various Javascript inbuit functions that can be used while working with Array. These various functions are Array length which returns the total number of an array elements, Array toString() which converts an array to return the elements in string format which is not really needed in Javascript as Javascript converts array to string by default, Array pop() which removes the last element from an array, Array push() which adds a new element to an array, Array shift() which removes the first element from an array and automatically update others index, Array unshifts() which adds a new element to an array and makes the new element the least index

---- This material also explains how new or non-existing element can be inserted by assigning the new element to an index eg members[2] = "John"; This will put John at the assigned index and other existing elements behind the index to which a new element is assigned will be automatically pushed and re-assigned new index while Splice() is a more detailed function to add or remove elements to/from an array.

---- Though there is Array delete() too, it is not advisable as it leaves undefined holes, it is better to use pop() or shift() and slice is used to remove specific parts from an array

---- Arrays can also be concatenated and be merged using the concat() function


<!-- w3schools' Javascript function -->

---- This material explain functions in Javascript and I learnt how javascript function is a block of code designed to perform a particular task  and can be used as many times  as desired by calling or invoking it where needed. It is made up of the 'function' keyword, the function name with parenthesis which can hold parameters/arguments/inputs and the inputs can be more than 1 separated with comma. Function also consist of the curly brackets which holds the codes to be executed when the function is invoked. Without the parenthesis () while the code is called, it returns the codes in the function instead of executing the function codes and failure to give a value to any of the arguments specified in the creation of the function while calling it returns NaN. Meanwhile, function can be stored in or assigned to a variable

<!-- MDN's Javascript Function -->
----This added how function can be stored in or assigned to different variable as needed, a function can be used inside another function and they can have properties and methods like any other object. Return value can be underfined if no expression is after it. It further explains 4 kinds of functions which are regular function which can be declared by function, generator function which can be declared by function*, async function which can be declared by async function and async generator function which can be declared by async function*

<!-- Control flow statements -->
---- This material explains the three forms of control statement available in javascript which are if else satement in which specific conditions can be given to be true for a code to execute, the switch statements which is used when there is to be different result for each input for the expression, and loops which are used to execute a block of codes multiple times. It further explains there are two main types of loop, the for loop which iterates through the code for the specified times and the while loop which repeats itself while the condition is true and stop when it is false. In addition to the main types of loops, there is do while loop which first runs the code and rerun if it is true

<!-- Javascript language- javascript fundamentals -->
---- This material explains functions as building blocks of a program which allows code to be called many times without repetition. It added that variables inside a function (local variables) are only useful to the function, meanwhile a variable outside functions (global variables) can still be used inside a function and a if a variable outside functions has the same name with a variable inside the function, the variable outside will be ignored. There seems to be a confusion though, this materials says if a the full arguments are not passed, it returns undefined which is against w3schools Javascript function material that says it returns NaN. It further explains how function should ne named, functions being an action word, it is good to use verb to show the task they are performing, concise, descriptive and the task should do exactly what the name suggests. In a situation in which a function performs multiple tasks, it is good to have different functions in which one is called inside another one which makes code easier to tests and debug too apart from its explanatory expression.